you just don't know how much I love for
night it's like if I can have a
girlfriend or a kid and like a weird
name for a night second week of LCS I'm
joined it right now by X with EJ Kapoor
Charo
so I know like smoothies are first name
middle name is Jake chair is real I do
first names
yes Jake heaven Oh Jake Kevin does
anybody ever call you Kevin
we all this is brought to you by Omni
slash by the way talk a little bit about
so you guys just did you had a very very
well executed gaming at CLG in stark
contrast to a very poor game against
golden Guardians last week so what
what's the difference what happened here
um I think we were just all in our most
comfortable champions and I think just
this week was different I think we heard
it was 8.11 last week right I think it's
point 12 right now and then yeah I think
more people just realized that like the
meta is like coming back to eighty
kiddies again I think but I think
there's gonna be some outliers that
people will play some AP champions
bottom but yeah like Peters happy that's
back to ATK okay when you mention people
were playing their comfort champions are
you say you're nice way of saying we won
cuz Peter wasn't on vlad not cuz I cuz I
was playing so Johnny it's my most
comfortable champion okay most of the
time a lot of people start no sorry yes
turned oh I was very confused for a
second I is that you're most comfortable
champion mcgovern I'm most comfortable
champions I said Johnny then then Gragas
okay Ben graves then I guess eternal is
the fourth one okay so it's you weren't
even on your most comfortable champion
it's getting very bright out here now a
lot of people gave Peter crap because he
was he played flat poorly last week to
you how do you feel about his plan um I
think I disagreed to a point where I
think everyone played really bad like
even me like I played like not really
optimal to you how we were playing on
our first game and then we just got a
meeting after that and then we just
reviewed and then knew what's wrong yeah
for this week and hopefully tomorrow
against TSM we're gonna be the same
yeah you guys do go up against TSM
tomorrow are you intimidated at all
we're in the middle of the game with
clutch right now we don't know if
they're gonna win or lose but they might
be going in tomorrow as one of the few
undefeated teams I think just time is a
really good team but I think they're
still also figuring the matter out so
pretty much everyone is I think echo fox
is like the best you're asked all right
now of well I don't know if they had the
best group I like Bay they're they're
winning pretty well but TSM has like a
lot of problems like they also are not
playing Mike Young currently is that a
problem I think I think Grigg me am I
gonna have like their faults and like
like their weaknesses I'm like but they
also have like a strengths from each
other I don't know what T Simon's trying
to do like if they're trying to like do
you grig knee on Saturday or and then
Mikey on Sunday but like I actually like
I don't know if I like like if it's it's
like III want to try to go for that
route maybe like later on like cuz I
think it's really strong if you see what
the whole map is in the first game but
it's just best the one for now so it
doesn't really matter right now
what what do you think about going
Guardians after the last week because
they didn't get a chance to talk to you
any of you guys about them and I don't
know if you guys consider that more of a
fluke was there an act a car accident
just now oh is door opened okay well we
almost split into something very
interesting here you talk to or you
played against golden Guardians I didn't
get a chance to talk to any of you guys
about it what do you think the team do
you think it's stronger than last split
um I think it's more different than last
play Mickey I don't think Mickey's like
the shot-caller for that team anymore I
think Matt is like probably the most
vocal one and I think they were more
restrictive with the high cuz I think I
was like mainly playing like his mid
lane is really pouring a roll but he was
also shot calling and but pretty much
doing everything but now I think they're
more volt sound like they're more open
to doing more strategy okay
does that mean that they're better now
or cuz that that's my curiosity right
like they lost I think like seven games
in a row or something like that as a
startle a split on day two of summer
they already beat somebody so I don't
know if they they are better now or I'm
just curious about your take I don't
really know if about bad
but like everyone really didn't know
what they were doing at first week and
they took advantage of it on us and yeah
I don't think they were much better or
even better than the old one but it just
they just they just looked better it
just only one week one how are things
behind the scenes with Team Liquid I
mean how because it was a pretty tough
MSI for you guys I don't know how you
were cooperate it during the break Wow
what do you disagree I mean I mean yeah
we lost like what do we mean losses do
you do like for lost in a row it was
pretty hard for us
I even even show that like even the
first day we sub subbed in second day
was the first day you play you lost both
of the first games and then I you sub
the first game in the next day yeah yeah
and then we slept in only out we were
just didn't really know what the optimal
for that meta was until like the fourth
or fifth day which is like really too
late but we somehow got a lot of wins
after that and after we had a really
like really long serious talk about it
it's like we just need to look forward
for summer and then try to redeem
ourselves at Worlds yeah have you guys
altered any of the ways that you
practice or that you you train are you
doing anything differently um for now
I'm not really like we were we were
triple blocking all the time in summer
split or spring split and MSI and then
we also are triple blocking now so like
we're working as hard as we can what
we're back to bright again it's sober I
don't know it's like you really here do
you want the sunglasses sunglasses there
you go alright this is great now that
what I'm not sick right now
your coffee I have a cop from like two
weeks ago mm-hmm you have a cough yeah
but that's because of my asthma listen I
know you've got some sunglasses on I can
ask you you're secretly like the coolest
kid at LCS you go off and you go on all
these adventures now what what was
offseason like for you what did you do I
I went and play fortnight I think that's
it you go to any music show see
festivals EDC OH
really nope okay so you just played
fortnight for an at home plate solos a
lot of solos actually I just put myself
you catch up with any friends no no you
go to dinner no see any movies nope
so you had three weeks it was like three
or four weeks
oh yeah cuz they Messiaen it early for
you you had four weeks you had four
weeks and you did nothing except for
stay inside all day and play for a night
for a night you just don't know how much
I love four nights like if I can have a
girlfriend or a kid like weird name for
a night okay you start with if I can
have a girlfriend I would leave her
fortnight that's what you were gonna say
no a kid is a kid what was the
girlfriend part gonna be alright
are you concerned at all that the
fortnight's gonna impact your commitment
we saw three players just get benched
for not having good commitment so I've
been playing that much during the split
by like it was it was in the offseason
so I had to I I was just bored so I
don't have I had nothing else to do you
know are you good I'm whatever option do
you finish first um right now I don't
know like maybe I have a 20-30 percent
one right yeah really
that's pretty good sometimes like I
don't know what ninja's is but it's got
to be around the same percent or
something oh there's no way it's he's 60
percent I don't know could you play in
the the fortnight program or whatever I
don't think we can even allow - yes
you're not allowed to because you sign a
contract but in a role where you weren't
contractually obligated to the LCS could
you do it I think I can I will be just
be like one of those celebrities like
d-list celebrities that are in pro-am
and then I'm gonna be paired with a
really good one did you do you ever
stream before a night not recently I
just been streaming League cuz that's
what all you but what you have to play
and no not in the offseason what do you
mean you have to you get to play it
you're so excited to play League of
Legends yeah I'm so excited by play so
look you every time on my secret account
no one knows and yeah
I just love League of Legends anything
you want to say to anybody out there
expressly um I don't have friends driver
so I can't say shoutout to anywhere
except for my fans who are really loving
to my discord and to my Twitter do you
mean tweet Travis what else would I go
snapchat Instagram yesterday I have it
again but I've never posted
I just really bad social like so where
do you post these pictures of you at
festivals cuz I see you pictures of you
have festivals all the time what do you
think oh they Vesta Ville cuz I'm busy
working but I've seen you've been at
festivals you went to EDC or Coachella
have you seen him at anything oh okay
why do you why do you got to keep a
secret it's not a secret cuz it's not
it's not happening have you ever been to
a few stressed of all uh yeah I've been
it was like a league of legends like
festival or something never seen any
live performance of music music I don't
like music cars I just don't know why
why you hide it like you're not like so
you know it's not like you've got like a
good boy image that you got a preserver
something I do all people are like
expenses just so dry and his interviews
and content it's not like you're like oh
I'm very buttoned up and professional I
would never I would never go listen to
the devil's music country well no like
EDC or you know right it's like a
because people used to say rock and roll
so you do you have anything you want to
say you to all my fans for supporting
Team Liquid and I hope you still do and
we're gonna hopefully win the
championship my glasses back thank you
yeah thank you everyone for watching
this interview we're done I have some
unfortunate news for you guys
things are getting much more financially
tough for me
Omni slash of course does everything
they can they support me it's amazing
but I think you guys might have heard
that last split it was about twenty
grand for a double lift interview
we're now at 35 I don't know how it
weighed up so much in such a short time
but I'm now spending literally $35,000
every time I interview Peter and by the
way he charges another thousand for
every time that he ends up in my social
so if you guys want to help me out
that'd be super cool just subscribe to
the channel like the videos there's
other links in the description you can
check those out thanks so much to Omni
slash for the support